# bca

Overview: Developed this system by seeing the some live problems of people, woman and in small kids in our society. To give justification to the people at the right time is main aim of our system. Current scenario is that if we are in any trouble then we have to go police station to register our complaint. This is physical and time consuming process. Because if there is no nearby police station then it is time consuming and energy wasting. If the complaint is against any reputed person then there may be some violent situation also created. So by observing all these problems we developed Online FIR Management System for public security. Our system is online system, all the drawbacks of manual process are overcome in it. There are many complaints lodge in a day from the public. So to handle all these complaints is very difficult to police department. By using online application we can maintain a database of users or victim. We can categorize, organise the data which will be received from people. So there is no time consumed. For registering the FIR users have to use our android application. If user is new user then he has to first login into the application otherwise he cannot register FIR directly .After registration process by click of only one touch our information is send to the nearby police station. After receiving the details from users police can start the investigation and lodge a complaint of victim. So this very less time consuming process. In feedback police sends the status of our complaint and give us FIR number. So there is no need to physically go to police station may times to check status of our complaint.
